chore: adjust documentation for BAS findings (#178)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/guides/bas-external-system.mdx

}
```

> ### Supported Authentication Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supported Authentication Types for On-premise Systems
```

The supported authentication types are either `BasicAuthorization` or `PrincipalPropagation`.
In case you use principal propagation, the BAS will fill the `SAP-Connectivity-Authentication` header as discussed in the [OnPremises connectivity guide.](../features/connectivity/on-premise.mdx)
The user logged into the BAS will be propagated.

> In case your BAS user is **not** a valid user of the OnPremises system you can use a destination using basic authorization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case your BAS user is **not** a valid user of the On-Premise system you can use a destination using basic authorization.
```

Author: I was once corrected that it should be `On-Premises` but everybody is saying On-Premise so what should we do? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On-premises_software

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56544999/111763173-1b5b9b80-88a2-11eb-880c-ea6c2f9830a3.png)
